[Docs] Change order of FV topics, add comment about timestamp of last event (#5255)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/feature-store/feature-vectors.md

The online feature vector provides real-time feature vectors to the model using the latest data available.

First create an `Online Feature Service` using {py:meth}`~mlrun.feature_store.get_online_feature_service`. Then feed the `Entity` of the 

> feature vector to the service and receive the latest feature vector. (The timestamp of the last event is not returned with `get_online_feature_service` / `svc.get`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
feature vector to `get_online_feature_service` and receive the latest value of the feature vector. Note that the response contains only the features - the timestamp (of the last event that updated the feature sets) is not part of the response. 
```
